Add Amazon Dynamodb connector configuration (#1569)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/amazondynamodb-connector/amazondynamodb-connector-configuration.md

# Setting up the Amazon DynamoDB Connector 

Amazon DynamoDB Connector allows you to access the [Amazon DynamoDB REST API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/HowItWorks.API.html) through WSO2 EI. 

> Amazon DynamoDB makes it simple and cost-effective to store and retrieve any amount of data, as well as serve any level of request traffic.It uses a NoSQL database model, which is nonrelational, allowing documents, graphs and columnar among its data models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon DynamoDB makes it simple and cost-effective to store and retrieve any amount of data, as well as serve any level of request traffic. It uses a NoSQL database model, which is non-relational, allowing documents, graphs, and columnar among its data models.
```

Author: Updated.

## Configuring message builders/formatters**

Before you start configuring the  Amazon DynamoDB connector, you also need WSO2 MI, and we refer to that location as `<PRODUCT_HOME>`.

> In this example we will be using specific message builders/formatters configuration needs to be enabled in the product as shown below before starting the WSO2 EI service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific message builders/formatters configuration needs to be enabled in the product as shown below before starting the WSO2 EI service.
```

Author: Updated.

If you are using **EI7**, you need to enable this property by adding the following to the **<PRODUCT_HOME>/conf/deployment.toml** file. You can further refer to the [Working with Message Builders and Formatters](../../../references/config-catalog/#http-transport) and [Product Configurations](../../micro-integrator/setup/message_builders_formatters/message-builders-and-formatters/) documentations.

```
[[custom_message_formatters]]
class="org.apache.synapse.commons.json.JsonStreamFormatter"
content_type = "application/x-amz-json-1.0"

[[custom_message_builders]]
class="org.apache.synapse.commons.json.JsonStreamBuilder"
content_type = "application/x-amz-json-1.0"
```

> If you are using **EI 6**, you can enable this property by following Axis2 configurations are added and enabled in the **<PRODUCT_HOME>\repository\conf\axis2\axis2.xml** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using **EI 6**, you can enable this property by doing the following Axis2 configurations in the **<PRODUCT_HOME>\repository\conf\axis2\axis2.xml** file.
```

Author: Updated.

**messageFormatters**

```
<messageFormatter contentType="application/x-amz-json-1.0"
class="org.apache.synapse.commons.json.JsonStreamFormatter"/>
```
**messageBuilders**
```
<messageBuilder contentType="application/x-amz-json-1.0"
class="org.apache.synapse.commons.json.JsonStreamBuilder"/>
```

> **Note**: If you want to perform blocking invocations, ensure that the above builder and formatter are added and enabled in the **<PRODUCT_HOME>\repository\conf\axis2\axis2_blocking_client.xml** file.

## Setting up the AWS Account and DynamoDB Environment

> Please follow the steps mentioned in the [Setting up the Amazon Lambda Environment](../amazonlambda-connector/setting-up-amazonlambda.md) document in order to create a Amazon account and obtain access key id and secret access key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the steps mentioned in the [Setting up the Amazon Lambda Environment](../amazonlambda-connector/setting-up-amazonlambda.md) document in order to create an Amazon account and obtain the access key id and secret access key.
```

Author: Updated.

Please find the following steps to navigate in to the Amazon DynamoDB using the AWS account.

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and search **Database** section under **Services**.

<img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/dynamodb-aws-console.png" title="Amazon Dynamodb aws console" width="600" alt="Amazon Dynamodb aws console"/> 

> 2. You can see the following operations and sub operations, outputs in the AWS DynamoDB console as shown bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can see the following operations and sub operations. The output in the AWS DynamoDB console are shown below.
```

Author: Updated.
